---
layout: post
title:  "Sassy"
date:   2015-07-01 09:48:43
---

#This is a Big One.

This first few weeks have been pretty intense between school and work. I more than feel the strain of splitting that time. In the process of taking out loans to cover basic expenses while i finish my courses. From what i've seen and learned so far i can see the new worlds opening in front of me. 

I didn't really know what i was getting into at first. What i assumed would basically consist of a bunch of proper code placement and word usage has turned into a vast world of design and practical user interface theories intertwined. I saw this work at first as being similar to the creation of music: there was a basic set of rules you followed and you had room to be a little creative. I'm now seeing that the two worlds are actually completely the same. I'm learning to craft a feeling and flow using textures, fonts, colors, and all sorts of other elements in the exact same way i understand and manipulate melody, dynamics, tempo, and rhthym in a song. 

##They stir the same creative juices.##

I'm particularly excited to learn the forms and practices of Typography. This was a completely unexpected realization. The first time Sam mentioned it I got excited. I have always enjoyed the emotions that written and typed text can offer. More so than a landscape scene or a portrait i like viewing the written word. Graffiti, tags, fonts, cursive, Post-secrets (hey, for a brief period they were real and beautiful), and all forms of signage. I just never really thought about it being a thing i could have a legitimate interest in, much less a nesessity for employment. 

I kind of can't wait. 

##So Sassy##

It's nice how much of sass is coming easy for me. i think... I should probably be concerned I think that... Not of all of it obviously, but even with the parts I havent quite assimilated to, I can feel my grip coming closer to it. The imports and mixins are close. I really just need more of a chance to really mess with them. 

**Is this how you blog?**

>edit:I loooove Sass now. 
>-Future Austin, who is currently at the end of his 6th week. Wish our traveler luck as he speeds along his winding path to victory!